
                                                                user stories                                                                          
 
As a student, I want to update my contact information, including email, address, and phone number, so that I can receive correct information from the college and stay informed about new announcements and important updates without any difficulty.After processing the updates, the system provides a confirmation message or notification indicating that the contact information has been successfully updated.

As a student, I want to view my grades , including scores on individual assignments or exam 
so that can easily monitor my academic progress and performance helping me stay on track with  my educatinal goals. if any cases grades are not yet available, the system displays a message indicating when grades will be posted as well as If the student encounters problems accessing their grades, they may need to contact support or academic services.


As a student, I want to check out library books , articals ,journals, or other resources like electonics books access through a web viewer or application. If the resource is hosted on an external platform, the student may need to log in to that platform. so that I can easily access academic materials without visiting the library in person.

uses cases 
Update Home Address 
Update Email Address 
Update Phone Number
Handle Confirmation of Email Update  
Handle Confirmation of Phone Number Update

View Overall Grades 
View Detailed Assignment and Exam Scores   
Check Grade Status for a Specific Course   
View Academic Progress Summary  
Contact Support for Grade Issues

 
Search for Library Resources 
Check Out an Electronic Book 
Access a Journal Article  
Reserve a Physical Library Book  
Request Assistance for Resource Access

functional 
Functional Requirements:
➤ Ability to store and manage student information, including personal details, academic courses and activities, and schedules. Use Cases
Ability to schedule classes and register students for classes.
➤ Ability to create and manage student and parent profiles, including their contact information.
➤ Ability to manage after-school activities and its instructors.
➤ Ability to provide a user-friendly interface for all system users


Non- functional





 
































																  
																  
 
 